                              
                              About The Routine
                              -----------------

        I have always been interested in 3D-graphics & Texture mapping, yet 
        I haven't found any really useful source code such which allow me
        to create fast moving texture-mapped graphics and of course 3D-
        graphics. For a long time I have been fighting for creating my own 
        routines for these operations and finally I can say that I've done it.
        For a reason unknown I'm now providing you with THE SOURCE CODE of 
        the texture mapping routine, hope you like it! You might probably 
        notice that there is hardly any comments in it (or should I say 
        NONE!?) Reason for that is because I'm so lazy! But if you are an 
        experienced coder it's not a hard deal to find out how it is done! 
        For now there is no SOURCE CODE for the 3D ...Yet! I'm still doing 
        some optimizing, but there is a demonstration for 3D too! The code 
        is written for TASM 3.1 Ideal mode and should be translated with the 
        /m2 option. This source code is written for 386/486 machines ONLY! 
        and it won't therefore work on 286 or less powerful processors :-).
                                
                                   
                                   Request
                                   -------

        If you liked the routines and have something to say about them,
        it would be nice to have chat about 3D and texture mapping.
        For now I'm trying to figure out how to do Comanche-like graphics...
        
        You can reach me by Internet: 
        
        phodju@otax.tky.hut.fi


                                                        -Fantom
                                                     Ultimate Brains 
                                                        
                                                        26.08.93
        
        P.S There might occur conflict between 3D-demo and QEMM memory 
            manager, if so reset your machine and try again. You don't 
            have to remove QEMM, because there is no protected mode used... 
            but someday there will be!

